CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets, and is used collaboratively with HTML to make a webpage's contents more palatable
to users, i.e. add borders, fonts, layouts, dynamic elements, etc.

At the basic level, CSS is made up of different rules.  So we can think about each different section in a CSS document
as a separate rule.  Rules are made up of selectors, properties, and values.

A selector is an HTML element to which CSS rules apply.

The universal selector applies to every element in the HTML document.  So if you want a certain rule applied to every
element in your document, like having everything be a certain color for example, you would use the universal selector
denoted by an asterisk.
    * {
        color: purple;
    }

Type selectors (aka element selectors) will apply to all elements of the given type.  So say you want to apply a rule to
all paragraph elements, you would do the following:
    p {
        color: white;
    }

Class selectors apply to all elements labeled with the given class.  So whichever element you apply that attribute to, 
the corresponding class selector in CSS would be applied to all those elements.  So say you have a <div> element in 
HTML in the "primary" class, as in <div class="primary">  You would define the selector as follows:
    .primary {
        color: red;
    }
The key difference between class and type selectors when writing rules for them in CSS is class selectors preceded by a 
period as shown above.  Class selectors will not work if the first symbol in the name is a number.

You can also add multiple classes to a single element by adding a new class in the same quotation marks as the first one,
simply separated by a space.  Use hyphens to separate words in class attributes.

ID selectors are similar to class selectors in that they can be applied to individual elements in the opening tag, except
they are set with "ID" instead of "class".  Note that ID selectors should only be used on one element in the HTML file,
do not use IDs for multiple elements.

To write an ID selector in CSS, use a pound symbol.
    #special {
        background-color: red;
    }

If you have two groups of elements that share style declarations, we can group them in CSS.  Say you have two classes 
"alpha" and "beta" that share similar styling.  We'd group them as so:
    .alpha, .beta {
        color: black;
        background-color: white;
    }
For any styling that is unique to one or the other classes, you'd write out a separate rule using the same class
selector and apply those rules.

Chaining selectors can be used to apply rules to elements that have multiple classes.  So if you have an element with 
class="a b" and another element with class="a c", you can apply a rule to just the first element with chaining like so:
    .a.b {
        color: red;
    }
The difference here is that there is no space between class selectors, so it only applies to elements with both classes.
You can also use chaining with a class and ID combo:
    .a#b {
        color: green;
    }

Descendant combinators can be used to apply CSS to elements that are embedded in other elements.  The rule will apply to
all elements of a certain class if that class has a certain parent class.  Example:
    .ancestor .child {
        rule;
    }
This rule would apply to all elements if and only if the most nested element has a class "child" and some parent
"ancestor".